 GOFOODMAN does not produce or manufacture any food item of its own, nor it directly sells its own food items, grocery items, dairy items or any edibles. GOFOODMAN is an online food aggregator, working as a mediator between retail food businesses and customers. Through our online marketplace we allow restaurants to upload unsold food or surplus meals of fresh quality on our platform, and allow customers to buy delicious fresh discounted food through our customer mobile application.
Through GOFOODMAN mobile application, customers can purchase food item(s) for a discounted price, generally for a minimum of half rate of the original price(50%OFF) of that food item. Whatever food item is available on our platform is uploaded directly by our restaurant, hotel, food store partners, and GOFOODMAN does not upload any food items of its own. However, to ensure quality GOFOODMAN has provided strict guidelines to our partners regarding uploading best quality and fresh and edible food. 
Product images: - The images of food item(s) displayed on our mobile application are not the real photo of original food item, these photos are just default system generated photos of that particular dish/food item(s), we use default photos for better understanding, attractiveness and gamification of consumers.
Product pricing: - All the price(s) and rates of all the food item(s) upload on GOFOODMAN platform is not decided or suggested by GOFOODMAN. Our food provider partners only decide the original price of food and make an entry accordingly. However, whatever the price at which the food partner is uploading the food at is automatically given a discount of 50% OFF by our GOFOODMAN application’s software system. The original uploading price of food is only and solely decided by our partner.
Taxes and charges:- GOFOODMAN PRIVATE LIMITED is a GST payable corporate. GOFOODMAN PRIVATE LIMITED GST REGISTRATION NUMBER: 29AAJCG1058Q1ZY.
 GOFOODMAN PRIVATE LIMITED is a responsible corporation and pays GST to Government of India on time, and that is why we include Taxes and charges during our customer order transaction process. GOFOODMAN charges 5% Tax charges from customers on Per Order Value basis. Also, GOFOODMAN charges 2% convenience charges from customers on Per Order Value basis, convenience charges include transaction charge and service charge.
For example: If an order’s total value is INR 100. Then 5% of INR 100 will be charged for taxes and also 2% of INR 100 will be charged as convenience. I.e., the total amount payable by customer would be:- INR 100 (order value) + INR 5 (taxes) + INR 2 (convenience) = INR 107.
